Clayman is dead.

laplace delivers the horrible news, and in front of him, everyone falls into silence.

“impossible! that’s not true!”

footman shouts vehemently. 

but no one else is making a sound along with him.

laplace may seem casual and carefree most of the time; he won’t really express his true feelings. right now he has yet to show his usual attitude, but instead looks quite frustrated. knowing this, everyone starts to recognize the fact that clayman has actually died. 

“““last night during the walpurgis banquet, clayman’s connection with me was suddenly cut. he was like my own blood, yet i couldn’t reach him. that means he has really died…… how can i accept this? laplace, even with your report, i still can’t believe that child is really dead, it’s just inconceivable…...”

kazaream says with a heavy heart.

tear begins to sob.

“it was my fault. i underestimated the demon lords. i should have been more cautious collecting information before taking any action.”

another person says with regret. it’s the black-haired young man.

the ten great demon lords““they are at the top of this world. but even though they share the same title, one must still distinguish between the strong and the weak. 

clayman ignored this principle after successfully dominating milim with his spell.

no, not only so““even believing he could dominate other demon lords in the first place was naive.

“if we are being honest, it happened because of my proposal. i had no idea how things would develop, but it’s too late to say this anyway.”

 suddenly, as if to sweep away the heavy atmosphere, laplace says teasingly:

“by the way, this happened all because clayman was too stupid. i warned him to be careful. it’s all because he got cocky and messed everything up.”

as laplace continues to verbally insult clayman, footman interjects to scold him.

“laplace! you don’t have to phrase it like that!”

“but that’s just the truth. he felt so good about himself even though he was so weak, that’s why he’s toast now.”

“laplace““!”

footman, filled with anger, strikes and begins to beat laplace.

laplace wasn’t planning to dodge. footman’s fist hits his cheek. but, that’s all it is. laplace stops the fist and remains balanced while staring back at footman menacingly.

“what, do you want a fight, footman? alright, i’ll fight you then!”

he says arrogantly with a disdainful smirk on his face to provoke footman. laplace hopes footman will pour all his fury onto him.

but kazaream has already seen through him.

“stop it, you two! everyone is sad here.”

he shouts to stop the two.

“indeed, laplace, it’s not like you to play a villain like this! if anyone, it should be me. i was the one who hired you guys in the first place.”

the youth says. footman then finally realizes that laplace had said those things on purpose.

“so that’s why““sorry, laplace.”

“......it’s alright. but president and boss are so mean. i went through all the trouble to be the villain; you don’t have to expose me like that.”

laplace mumbles while rubbing his cheek. he looks rather comical, somewhat easing the tension in the room.

the majins are motivated once more to discuss future plans.

they can’t comfort clayman’s spirit in heaven by sighing““kazaream was able to help everyone focus and conduct their meeting under more tension than they’ve ever experienced.

“““there is no way of knowing what happened there. but according to demon lord valentine, clayman is indeed dead. as for who killed that kid, we have no idea““”

“if only i had gotten an answer from him…….”

“no. it’s already worth celebrating that you were able to return safely.”

“i was just very lucky. it happened to be the night of new moon, and since demon lord valentine is of the vampire race, his strength was greatly reduced. and with the location being the saints church, where the holy aura overflows, my attack was therefore more effective…….”

no one doubts laplace’s words.

they all believe laplace is capable of winning against the ancient demon lord valentine, who might even rival demon lord kazaream in terms of strength““there are many reasons behind that belief.

moreover, laplace is the strongest lieutenant in the troupe. his strength is second to none other than kazaream himself. his role as the vice-president of the moderate clown troupe is not just for show. he is also highly capable. 

that’s why no one is doubting him, and all have accepted laplace’s report of his vanquishing a demon lord.

no one realizes the lies in his report, so the meeting continues.

“with that being said, things are getting more difficult.”

“i suppose. the base, army and treasure that we gave to clayman are all gone. we’ve suffered a heavy loss.”

the black-haired youth nods in response to kazaream’s words.

the content of the conversation is concerning, and tear throws out a question.

“eh, what does that mean? wouldn’t his base be fine regardless of whether clayman got killed by the demon lords or not?”

“even with clayman’s army destroyed, can’t they still roll back and rise again? their base still has that crazy saint adalman. that undead king is quite strong, even rivaling us. and while that undead dragon wasn’t at the same level as the charybdis, it still would pose a significant threat. are the curse spells cast by president still in effect?”

first tear, then footman inquires in surprise. upon hearing so, the young man and kazaream look at each other awkwardly and make their bitter response.

“that’s what we want to discuss with you today.”

“i handed over the base to clayman, and it was taken last night. the unbelievable thing is, that slime only sent a few subordinates to do so.”

“what did you say?”

“no way!”

“how is it possible?! does that mean that the majins we saw during the war are the only majins under rimuru““no, wait, hold on for a second, then that crystal ball was““”

after hearing kazaream’s explanation, laplace and tear exclaims. footman raises his face, seeming to have recalled something.

seeing his reaction, the young man nods and responds.

“indeed. didn’t the footage recorded by laplace include those majins? it’ll be best if we face facts and recognize that every one of them has the combat ability of special rank a.”

hearing this, even footman became speechless.

“““seriously?”

tear mumbles. but no one responds.

“at least that slime named rimuru did not take part in that battle. if i have to deduce, he may have used the battle as a bait for him to take down clayman’s base in person. if it’s that slime, it won’t be strange for him to have broken through my proud defense system.”

with kazaream’s explanation, everyone finally realizes the severity of the situation.

then the young man opens up:

“that’s why we have to redraft our plans for the future.”

he declares that, having lost most of their combat forces, they should halt all on-going operations. moreover, the death of clayman has left them all with keenly-felt anguish……

fortunately, they haven’t lost everything. 

they’ve kept part of their assets as insurance, as well as their organization based in the western nations““with these two resources to back them up, they still have some level of political influence over the nations. 

they also sent out fine subordinates, not skilled in direct combat, but excellent in intelligence gathering, to ascertain the movement of all nations. 

the youth started this organization from nothing, so there is always room to come back, even from such dire straits.

it is for this reason““

“we will need to lay low for a while. it’s truly a shame what happened to clayman, but we will have to stand against the demon lords in order to avenge him. yet our power is still too weak for that as of this moment. in order to realize our ambition of world domination, we will have to bear this burden for now.”

this sentiment is unanimous.

“yes. our organization has grown a lot in the past ten years. and we may have gotten a bit conceited.”

“indeed. that’s also why clayman got cocky.….”

“hmm, although i don’t intend to give up (on revenge), it seems like we’d lose everything if i act too hastily now.”

“i don’t want to admit it either, but patience is the right course now……”

not everyone agrees, but the majins eventually accept the his suggestion as the most reasonable course of action.

“hahaha, you should try to accept it, footman. i still have all of you as my trump cards. but i don’t want to lose you too because we acted rashly at this point of time.”

the young man gives a wry smile while giving footman a comforting pat on the shoulder. these are truthful words from the young man and the reason behind his decision. 

after all, if he hadn’t given them this talk here and now, some of them may be have thrown their life away in rage and grief .

footman then decides to endure after learning where the young man is coming from.

“i understand, boss. i’ll hold on to this anger, and let it all out some other day.”

footman knows in his heart, if he goes after the demon lords in a fit of rage, he would only end up getting beaten. 

therefore he decides to take the young man’s advice. 

the young man is satisfied with footman’s resolve, and glances around the majins.

“with that being said, aren’t you guys roweled by being defeated by others all the time? while we may not be able to work with our hands, can’t we at least use our words? that slime has taken everything from clayman, so we should give him a taste of the same medicine.”

the young man says with a twisted grin.

“what are you planning?”

kazaream asks, but the young man does not give a direct response. he answers with a smile:

“that is no simple slime. he was able to accumulate a great amount of power in only a few years. honestly, it is astonishing, and normally we shouldn’t antagonize him. instead, we should determine how strong they really are. to do so, i have arranged a trap.”

the young man pauses after saying so delightfully.

“seriously, are you being devious again? right, anything would be better than my mission impossible. i’ll go observe their fight from the side this time.”

laplace shrugs after saying so. the group is then dismissed.

as such, the majins exit the stage temporarily.

they now quietly maneuver in the shadows …… and hone their claws for the inevitable day of retribution.


chapter 1
a deal with the devil

eight-star demon lord (octagram), will be our official title in the future““

guy’s subordinates, namely his maids, the green-haired misery and blue-haired rain, are preparing delicate meals for everyone. their dark maid outfits are of very good taste, and the same can be said about the dishes produced under their phenomenal culinary skills.

just as ramiris had said, the walpurgis banquet was meant for the demon lords to communicate and also to exchange intelligence. perhaps it is for such a reason that they’ve prepared an additional venue for the sole purpose of leisure. 

however, there doesn’t seem to be a rule stating that everyone has to be there for refreshment activities.

some left as soon as the meeting ended, while others stayed behind to enjoy the delicious food prepared by the staff. the remainder split into small groups to discuss topics of their own. the demon lords are all attending to their own interests. 

i personally find this opportunity to be rare and decided to taste the food. to be honest, i’m quite interested in guy’s diet considering his ruler status among the demon lords.

as it turns out, the food is delicious beyond belief. 

i enjoyed the world-renowned cuisines to my heart’s content““

«report. ingredient analysis completed. cuisine name: black tiger meat stew, grilled fairy-leather bird, golden peach sorbet, earth-dwelling dragon steak. these dishes are currently recreatable.»

and at the same time, i am also secretly learning the recipes. 

what? me? despicable? cunning? 

what do you mean by that? i don’t get it.

it’s too harsh to call my actions “corporate espionage.” it is, after all, an important part of intelligence gathering!

the ingredients are all from monsters above rank a, so it would be difficult to collect them all. but i have already recorded the recipes, so we can take care of that one way or another.

lastly, they served a mixed fruit platter.

there are a total of six demon lords who remained to attend the feast itself - guy, milim, ramiris, dino, dagruel and myself. valentine and leon left long ago. 

while milim was devouring the assorted dishes, i went to complain to her about deceiving me. she tried to play dumb but i wasn’t having any of it.

as for karion and frey, we decided to discuss our future plans on another occasion. once the post-war settlements have been resolved, i am also willing to advise them on the reconstruction of their cities and any other issues that may come up. their respective kingdoms’ structure has been renewed with milim as their new leader. hopefully, this works out well for us too.

ramiris is still being stubborn about wanting to live in my kingdom despite my firm denial, but……. i can tell from her eyes that she is willing fight my decision to the bitter end. she also seems to think treyni-san will come to her aid, since she seems to really adore ramiris. 

treyni-san has been spoiling ramiris with everything she has, so i probably can’t expect much from her. i will have to keep note of this in the future.

dagruel and veldora are having a good chat, and so are guy and dino, who are having a cheerful discussion about their daily lives.

before the feast, i offered them a special product from the tempest federation““brandy distilled from grape wine.

it’s one of my tactics to improve our image, which is to spread the words of our unique product and have an upper hand in diplomacy.

this strategy appears to be very effective--even against demon lords.

“delicious.”

“oh, this is great““”

“cough cough, t-this stuff is way too strong…….”

dino coughs painfully on the side while guy and dagruel sang their praises. on another note…. veldora-kun, could you please refrain from drinking all of our products in one go?

even though i still have a bunch of them stored in my “stomach”, those aren’t for you.

as for milim, let’s just say i won’t be letting her drink anytime soon. 

the situation would undoubtedly spiral out of control if i let her drink. and considering the fact that she tricked me before, i’m not particularly keen on allowing milim to drink.

“then i shall take the drink!”

within the blink of an eye ramiris plastered herself onto the wine glass (being so smol) and became dead drunk in an instant.

beretta and treyni-san came forth wearing panicked expressions, so i decided to leave ramiris in their care. she’s been pestering me to return to tempest with her, so it may even be good for me if she falls asleep.

with that being said, the feast concludes, and we decide to leave before ramiris wakes up.

i was worried about the type of situation i might run into, but as it turns out, i was able to make it through the walpurgis banquet safe and sound.

what a busy day. 

the walpurgis banquet started at midnight and ended at noon of the next day.

i left the meeting and returned to tempest.

i was able to ignore traveling and instantly teleport with“dimension domination”.

upon returning, i was reassured that the country was still intact and that everyone was obeying my orders to increase security.

everyone was making an effort to tighten the security on the streets.

there isn’t a single flaw. the guard force built using the blueprint of a police force has been pretty successful.

a thought suddenly crosses my mind““could our country’s military be already strong enough that any normal country is incapable of standing a chance against us? (sierra note: that's an interesting thought there, slime boy. don’t get conceited) 

after all, even our reserved personnel for defense alone have all reached rank b.

normal beasts and demons wouldn’t even dare to approach us.

our nation’s security is relatively good. but i am worried about whether the monsters who we’ve now staved off will go on to cause harm in other regions.

perhaps i should run an investigation regarding the issue““i think as i travel alongside veldora and shion, entering the city upon ranga’s back.

as soon as i enter the town, the residents and the patrolling soldiers begin to kneel down on the side of the streets gradually opening up a path. 

their movements are all well coordinated, most likely from training that i was not aware of.

what are they doing? as i observe skeptically, diablo saunters towards us from the end of the road.

his expression is overflowing with joy as he flashes a bright smile. 

diablo then exchanges looks with rigurd““

“welcome back, rimuru-sama!”

“congratulations on becoming an eight-star demon lord! we are most thankful for your safe return!”

rigurd, acting as the representative, greets me respectfully, followed by diablo’s congratulatory words.

wait a minute, what is going on here?! how do you know about me officially becoming a demon lord!? 

and about that title, it should only have been revealed at that meeting with its debut. because it was me who came up with the….

i wondered while my head filled with doubts. 

shouldn’t diablo be taking down farmus kingdom right now? how would he have the time to plan out such a specific activity?

i feel quite embarrassed, so i decide to ask him directly.

“very simple, rimuru-sama. i asked a favour of veldora-sama.”

diablo replies cheerfully.

i glance towards veldora only to realize he was desperately averting my gaze. 

oi, excuse me! mister?!

from his reaction alone, i could tell he did something against his conscience. 

i got veldora to confess after some interrogation. he seems to have made a deal with diablo. diablo, in return, offered meals and three servings of dessert. if he did, veldora promised to tell him what happened during the banquet in detail….. 

so that’s how it was. 

that’s how he got wind of how i’ve been approved to become a demon lord in the meeting and also passed on the new title of “eight-star demon lord”.

should i praise diablo for his skillfulness in intelligence gathering? 

normally, one wouldn’t even dare to come up with the idea, let alone put it into practice. one must then have sufficient mobility and capacity to bribe someone as strong as veldora. although veldora, who agreed to the deal, is pretty dumb, diablo’s resolve in carrying it out shows he is no ordinary man.

and since the two are willing to give the bait and take the bait respectively, i’ll cut myself short on the subject.

with that being said““

“veldora, do you even need to eat?”

“w-what nonsense is that, rimuru!? eating or not is not the point, the point is that i want to eat things. and if that’s really the case, you don’t need to eat either!”

ouch! i got retorted.

but he does have a point.

i can’t exactly criticize without being called hypocritical on the matter. lately, shuna’s culinary skill has grown a lot, and she has also produced a large variety of desserts.

now she can even recreate pastry puffs that have just been introduced at the cafe in ingracia kingdom. not even pudding poses a challenge to her.

moreover, with the addition of a variety of alcoholic beverages, we can now develop even more new desserts. the cafe manager mister yoshida would also aid us in the process of developing new dishes. to gain his assistance, i prepared a variety of wines to send regularly, as that was his demand.

mister yoshida also said “now i can recreate previously impossible cuisines!” with a delightful expression. with all these efforts, we were able to develop several new dishes and incorporate them into daily meals. veldora is probably also shocked having tasted the food after his resurrection at the festival.

veldora, you were tempted by the food, weren’t you? 

with that being said, milim was also tempted by honey…...

an idea suddenly crosses my mind““we may be able to take over the world with culinary supremacy. 

my musings were suddenly interrupted by the sounds of shion and diablo quarrelling.

“have you fulfilled your duty as rimuru-sama’s bodyguard?”

“most certainly! it has been proven that as long as i’m around, you are simply unnecessary. i should be the one to question you about the progress of the mission assigned to you by rimuru-sama.”

“kufufufufufu, it has proceeded without a flaw. in fact, i was just about to report back to rimuru-sama myself.”

the two flashed each other bright smiles that did not quite seem to reach the eyes. 

they simply wouldn’t let up on each other and continue to bicker.

“you two, behave yourselves!”

“that’s right. rimuru-sama is tired as well. haruna and the rest have been preparing food. let’s relax for now and come back to this conversation later. ”

rigurdo agrees to my view and scolds the two on my behalf. 

as expected of rigurdo. lately, he’s been acting more and more prestigious. now he seems very dependable. 

we were moved to another spot at rigurdo’s urging.

the town folk all have joyful expressions. i was hoping to start a feast as soon as possible to have some fun with everyone, but benimaru and the rest have yet to return from their expedition. 

that’s why we’ve decided to delay our celebration feast. right now, we’ll wind things down and have just a bit of fun for resolving our trouble.

we went to take a bath in the hot spring and enjoyed the food haruna prepared.

we listened to diablo’s report after everyone settled down and got in the proper frame of mind. 

with our victory against clayman, our only issues left to tackle were building a new kingdom on youmu’s side and what to do with the western saints church. 

apart from that, there’s also the issue of our future relations with beast kingdom yuurazania, harpy kingdom fulbrosia and the worshipers of dragon who worships milim…… we could resolve these diplomatic issues peacefully, so there isn’t too much to worry about there.

i ask diablo in a rather casual mood while sipping my postprandial red tea:

“so what is it that you are doing now? eliminating farmus kingdom and crowning youmu as the new king““you dropped the mission and returned, do you need any reinforcement?”

i casually turn back to my slime form, which i’ve been looking forward to doing. relaxed, i am hugged by shion on her lap. i probed diablo with a question as i felt two soft mounds pressed against the back of my head.

if diablo is in need of back-up, i plan to send souei’s party to aid him.

right now they are very much available for order, so there is no need to force diablo to fend for himself.

however, shion suddenly interjects and says rather disdainfully: “a cheap-shot nobody like him only deserves to make tea for rimuru-sama. i should have been the one to attend to such matter! ” but i ignore her since that type of job is clearly not suitable for shion.

i spoke with the intention of aiding diablo““but as it turns out, i was worried over nothing

“no no no, rimuru-sama. there is no such need. everything has been going well according to plan.”

diablo refills my second cup of red tea and begins his report.

drinking tea in slime form is a pain, so i decide to just appreciate the fragrance of it while listening to his report.

but the previously relaxed atmosphere quickly vanished the moment diablo began to speak. 

“first of all, i had to restore the captives into their original states. after all, it is quite the inconvenience to keep them as meatloaf““”

meatloaf!??

eh? does he mean what i think it is?

shion’s body suddenly shivers as she seems to have sensed the source of my disbelief

that’s right……. it was indeed the case. things really won’t work out if my people keep acting like this.

i visited the interrogation room once, once! i was just planning to have a peek. but now i regret it greatly. it would probably have been best if i had avoided visiting at all. 

i left the captives to shion’s care after seeing them and reminded her to “don’t overdo things”........

my logic then was““there was nothing to worry about as long as shion doesn’t kill them. 

now it is too late for me to regret my actions.

while i feel unease inside, but expressing my regret now would not solve anything. 

displaying no traces of my inner turmoil, i ask for diablo to continue his report.

? ??? ?

regarding diablo’s first step, it was just as what he has described to rimuru: to restore archbishop rayheim and head of court mage larzen to their original form.

there were in total two carriages travelling alongside several cavalries as they set out for farmus kingdom. 

one of the carriages carried diablo and the three captives.

well, since diablo is the only person visible in the six-seated carriage, it would be rather inaccurate to call the other occupants as ‘passengers’. that is because the other three people have been squeezed into the luggage on the floor of the carriage.

““indeed, they were squeezed in the form of living meatloaf.

shion has turned them into inhuman abominations.

she skinned them one thin layer of skin at a time, but not so much as to kill them; their peeled away layers of flesh exposed the muscle underneath she then decided to slice off their meat piece by piece…… shion has been practicing fish skinning with living people, and she even ensured that the ones getting skinned won’t feel any physical pain during the process……. 

using her unique skill “cook”, she was able to push the captives to the point of psychological breakdown. once they reached their (physical) limits, she would treat them with healing potion and reverse the process to start over.

to witness their own bodies having been dismembered by another while feeling no pain at all““having suffered such repeated torments, the sanity of the three have been completely obliterated.

their expressions are devoid of life as they lay submerged in the pool of their own exposed intestines.

there is no way they could return to their country in this state. bearing such thoughts, diablo, although unwillingly, decided to work on reversing their curse.

“how troublesome…… their senses have been completely twisted, so healing magic won’t work directly ……. ”

despite his complaints, diablo was amazed with how useful non-magical skills could be. 

he has mastered the art of magic and learnt all about the laws of this world, yet even so, there still exist so many fascinating things out there (that he has yet to know). 

this does cheer diablo up substantially.

with his mood lifted, he expelled the remaining magic housed within the three left behind by shion. 

first one is rayheim;

then larzen.

this was not done in any specific order. diablo dispelled the magic with ease. but he stopped at edmalis, the king of farmus.

“blessings, thank you!”

rayheim rejoiced as he expresses his gratitude towards diablo.

“i am not important here, please, the king…... restore the king““”

larzen begs diablo out of loyalty for his king.

diablo slants his eyes coldly at larzen.

“kufufufufu, are you begging me? then you should understand that such a request does not come cheap.” diablo grins disdainfully.

a delightfully devilish smile emerges on diablo’s face.

however, there is not the slightest passion in his eyes.

“....ah…..no…...i…...”

larzen goes pale with fear surged from his heart. he is regretting““

larzen recalls now.

this diablo, who has been sitting casually in front of him, is a terrifying demon. 

an archdemon““no, he said he isn’t kind (cheap) like that

on top of that, even an archdemon alone would be quite a threat. if he was to appear in some smaller country, he would have caused a crisis that could bring the whole nation to its demise.

that’s why they are categorized as calamity““threat level up to special rank a.

basic magic barriers would not stand effective. he could easily destroy a nation’s defense by unleashing a bit more of his youki (demonic aura). he may even be capable of crushing his enemies one-sidedly using magic alone.

adventurers below rank a wouldn’t stand a chance against him. his presence alone would be the declaration of a death penalty. that is how terrifying the existence of an archdemon. it is a type of demon that even larzen wouldn’t want to antagonize or deal with alone.

however, diablo’s presence is rather different.

he seems all too human in appearance without a trace of his demonic aura. 

except his eyes are arresting.

they are akin to a golden moon hanging in the darkness of midnight with a dash of ominous red in the middle.

the most appropriate term to describe them would be “unforgettable” to whoever looks upon them. 

their appearances are especially unsettling.

apart from his eyes, the rest of his body all looks very similar to that of a human’s““in other words, even though most nations would install defense mechanisms to block out monsters up to certain level (magicule storage), he could easily infiltrate these cities without batting an eye. 

the only difference, and perhaps the only advantage humans have over monsters is their intelligence. 

some monsters are intelligent, but these monsters would often want to show off their strength one way or another. for instance, generously having their aura on display to demonstrate how large their magicule storage is.

that is why magic barriers which react to high magicule presence would work against them.

but, what would happen if these types of monster decide to conceal their aura? 

a calamity rank monster suddenly shows up and strolls around on the streets of human cities““larzen shuddered at the thought.

in other words, things would go like this““

a nation couldn’t help it if its barrier is being destroyed via brute force, but as the enemies tear down the barrier, the nation could reorganize its defensive force. it can then send out this defensive force to face the enemies.

however... if the enemies can completely ignore the barrier““the result is probably anyone’s guess.

these types of monsters would already be at a higher level than arc demons, 

diablo is one of them.

moreover, his real identity is one of the primordial demons““

although in comparison…...

there is something even more terrifying that he hasn’t considered.

this demon called diablo is already serving a master.

that person is the master of all these monsters, the fearsome yet beautiful man with golden eyes and silver-blue hair.

its hair gives off a feeling of transparency and it glitters like shining glass. 

his presence might have been be momentary, yet his power was beyond one’s imagination.

demon lord.

it is a being truly worthy of the title. 

the scene of him massacring the army of twenty-thousand men still sends shivers down larzen’s spine. but larzen was occupied by another sensation after meeting him in person. 

when he was taken captive by others to that place““

the way he looked at larzen was as if he was a stone by the road.

when those golden eyes met his, so mesmerized was he, to the point of not only forgetting the excruciating pain of his torture, but for him to abandon all fear of death... 

there are beings in this world that you simply should not antagonize.

“don’t overdo things.”““ these were the words larzen heard uttered by an angelic voice.

it must have been a warning to larzen.

telling him to not get ahead of himself. 

there is no wonder that his country had been destroyed when they are up against such an opponent, who even a primordial demon would pledge loyalty to.

““if it’s that demon lord, he could single-handedly destroy the entire farmus kingdom.

such thoughts keeps crossing larzen’s mind.

he ignores the bumping of the carriage and stands up from his seat to supplicate (kneel) before diablo.

“of course i understand. please allow me““no, please grant me the privilege to be your servant! my humble life would be pledged towards you. please be magnanimous and spare the life of king edmalis.”

larzen offers his heartened loyalty to diablo in hope of saving the king.

hearing larzen’s wish, diablo nods rather casually.

“very well then, although you are still insignificant (to us), you are still considered quite powerful in the human world. if that’s the case, you will be of use someday. moreover, i wasn’t planning to kill him without rimuru-sama’s order anyway. then i should spare his life, however““”

before restoring edmalis’ form, he will have larzen do something for him.

he will display the disgusting form of the king to all the bigwigs of this nation who foolishly rose against his beloved rimuru.

larzen gulps nervously while waiting for diablo to speak.

as for rayheim, he has already been petrified due to fear.

“i shall be generous this one time. your performances in the future shall not only determine the fate of the king, but whether or not the whole of farmus will become a lifeless wasteland.”

he means exactly what he just implied.

as long as they follow diablo’s“or rather rimuru’s“will, then everything should be fine, if not…….

whether it is larzen, rayheim, or even king edmalis who’s currently stuck in his abominable state““

they all understand loud and clear what diablo meant by that.

the three had been foolish, but were not stupid.. at this point, even if they don’t want to admit, they all know diablo would put such an idea into action without hesitation.

their only chances of survival are to cooperate obediently with diablo.

“that is without saying! i shall attend to whatever duty you demand!”

rayheim begins to grovel and kneel down. he seems to be even willing to lick diablo’s shoes.

“i am willing to pledge my loyalty to your grace!”

larzen also made up his mind.

whether or not the king is spared is now meaningless. however his pride at having been the guardian of the farmus kingdom all these years made him desire the continued survival of the king’s bloodline. 

even king edmaris, who was overwhelmed by anguish and despair understood this. 

larzen has given up on not just king edmalis, but on the farmus kingdom itself. 

but it is the right choice, king edmalis thinks to himself.

a country that defies a demon lord will be destroyed. 

there are only two options left for king edmalis““comply, or resist and be eliminated.

the king isn’t foolish enough to make the wrong choice at this point. as the ruler of a nation, he has to carry out his last duty of selecting the correct choice.

“i declare, in the name of the last king of farmus, to be submissive of whatever demands are requested by diablo-dono““”

he gives up struggling and proclaims so.

diablo has obtained the three’s verbal assurances. in that instant, he has secretly activated his unique skill “tempter” 

as a result, the three become diablo’s slaves…….

“rest assured. i won’t do anything bad as long as you obey me. ”

the demon diablo says so gently with a smile on his face.

 ? ??? ?

an unprecedented commotion dawned in the farmus kingdom on this day. 

their ruler king edmalis has returned, only in a miserable state. 

the location is the hall (throne room) of the king’s castle. 

the top ministers of the nation all are witnessing the scene with looks of horror on their faces. 

a box was carefully placed on the throne. 

there were meatloafs in it. 

with their king’s face buried in the center.

whatever inside it is still alive. the eyes of the head may seem empty, but they are still conscious.

“shougo, what in the world happened! how did our king end up this way!?”

“r-right, what happened to the other two? where is our nation’s army?”

“what has knight commander folgen been up to!? how could this happen with larzen-sama’s company! ”

the ministers shrieked, barely able to contain the fear and panic in their voices. 

you can’t exactly blame them for being this way. larzen, who is now playing the role of shougo (shougo taguchi), thinks to himself““

………………

…………

……

during the days after the regular magic communication was cut, the people remaining in the kingdom have been on their feet the whole time.

although they believe their army of twenty-thousand men wouldn’t be defeated due to its overwhelming numbers, everything may have an exception. right now there is more than enough ground to plant the seed of doubt when they couldn’t even confirm the life or death of the king.

then larzen returned to the nation alongside archbishop rayheim. they showed up in the teleportation room within the castle through the elemental-based magic “waypoint transportation”.

the patrolling soldiers were alerted to the situation as they discovered the two lying unconscious at the location, which led to the event that took place this morning.

the two soldiers hurried to confirm their identities. 

one of whom is the “otherworlder” shougo taguchi.

the other one is the king’s close acquaintance, archbishop rayheim.

the soldiers, while shocked, went on to take rayheim into care, as he has collapsed due to fatigue. they then discover that the young man has been hugging onto a box as if it’s a priceless treasure. without much mental preparation, one of the soldiers peeked in to examine the content of the box.

this soldier belongs to the high ranking imperial guards that serve within the palace, and normally he would never make such a horrified scream. 

but he did just that, and the reason being the content within the box…….

there were slimey gravy leaking out the box accompanied by a disgusting odor““the box contained distorted meatloaf made up of chopped up intestines. 

this is the abominable sight of what was previously the ruler of this kingdom. 

seeing this, the guard began to scream out of fear, which is considered great disrespect, but no one is condemning him. the people who joined after hearing his scream were also scared to death seeing the same sight.

the servants, the ministers were all in panic upon seeing what their master had become. 

some were screaming, crying, and shouting. 

some began to vomit. 

and some even fainted out of fear. 

no one wanted to believe this is the king. 

but, this was the reality.

at first, some tried to confirm whether it is the real king or not. 

and, as it turned out, it was indeed the real king.

“what are you all doing! go and save the king!”

some minister calls out in panic, finally spurring the crowd into mobilization.

all the mages remaining in the palace have been gathered to try out every available spell. 

they even summoned high priests from the western saints church to see if they can heal the king.

the sight alone was enough to invoke the deepest primal fear in people’s heart. confronted with such horrific sight, people still made up their mind to try to restore their king to normal. even though everyone’s face has been distorted due to fear, they still kept on working steadfastly. yet none of them have been effective.

there is no way they could save the king.

………………

…………

……

““the time fast forwards to the present.

having been informed that shougo has awakened, the crowds bring their questions to him.

larzen is rather sympathetic seeing his former colleagues.

but nowadays larzen is diablo’s subordinate, so he needs to betray his companions without hesitation. their own choices will decide their fates. but just for a bit, for a tiny bit, larzen feels sorry for them.

everything has been according to diablo’s plan. 

faking his coma was also part of the plan. 

as diablo’s servant, larzen was told what would happen to this nation and what they should do accordingly. larzen has already come to a realization. 

this nation is about to become a toy of the demon lord. 

if farmus kingdom becomes a stage for them to toy around with human puppets, it would be the end of this kingdom.

but this doesn’t seem to be such an unfortunate fate for the citizens. 

as diablo explains the demon lord’s plan to larzen, a sense of hope sparked within his heart. an image of the land of farmus stepping towards a future of prosperity began to emerge in his head. 

the ancient institution must be dismantled in order for that future to come true, larzen couldn’t help but to think so. 

that’s why he is acting according to the plan.

“calm down. i am larzen. i have been protecting the king and was able to escape back to our kingdom with the help of hero-sama.”

“what? you““no, aren’t you shougo?”

“shougo, that brat…… i see, so that’s the case.”

“but even with that being said, it is still quite confusing. we couldn’t believe that larzen-sama has become that arrogant shougo.”

at first, no one was in the proper state to believe this, but upon recalling that larzen is a powerful mage, they begin to make sense of the situation. but then they start to question larzen.

“you mentioned that you managed to escape, does that mean the farmus army…….. that our nation’s great army has lost to those monsters?”

“what really happened? how dare you all come back after your disgraceful defeat?”

the nobles begin to question out loud.

they are the pillars of this nation, but in reality, many cunning foxes among the nobles only wish to obtain personal gains through the banner of war. to these people, they didn’t even consider the possibility of sustaining financial loss as a result of defeat.

“everyone, please calm down. let’s hear what larzen-sama has to say.”

someone came out at that moment to bring silence to the crowd““it’s marquis müller.

this, of course, is also part of the plan. last night diablo had taken action to establish contact with him through fuse, the branch head of the freedom association in brumund kingdom. 

everything has been going according to diablo’s plan…...

first, to have larzen explain that “the hero youmu has gone to negotiate the exchange of a cure (healing potion) with the leader of the monsters.”. this will cause an order to be passed on to the gatekeeper to make preparations to welcome youmu’s party back into the city without the need of identification.

next, he will explain the situation with the farmus army…… the crowds are shocked as soon as he begins to explain.

indeed““because of the line “storm dragon veldora has been revived”.

“h-how could this be…....”

“why was that evil dragon revived at that place?”

“i-impossible……. hasn’t veldora been defeated already!?”

“then we must hurry and report to the western saints church to request the aid of the holy knight order (crusader)!”

“we are done for now! if what larzen-sama just said is true, we won’t be able to do anything about it. all our reserve combat forces in the nation wouldn’t at all be sufficient to face such enemy.”

“that’s right! we have to get the (farmus) knight order back as soon as possible!”

“indeed. if ?magic communication? won’t work, we will have general folgen to relay the message.”

“there is no time for that! we should all bail now before the people catch wind of this, or else we won’t even have time to escape!”

some have been struck in panic by fear. 

some are pressing to strike first. 

some even suggest to evacuate without the citizens. 

everyone has a different reaction. then, marquis müller gave the crowd a shout to shut everyone up.

“silence! even if the knight order is fine, the result would be the same. by the way, sita-sama, would it really help if we panic like you? where would we escape to? that ?storm dragon? is a real rank-catastrophe monster.”

the ministers begin to regain their composure. 

larzen continues his explanation after this momentary silence. he then begins to explain what happened on the battlefield.

he retells the complete defeat of the farmus army““the tragedy (made-up lie) that led to the disappearance of the entire army as a result of the resurrection of “storm dragon” veldora.

the crowds fall into silence after larzen’s explanation. 

everyone is speechless. 

the entire thing seems too ridiculous to be true. everyone thinks that it would be obvious. 

it is under such circumstances that some begin to raise doubts about the situation while larzen answers them one by one.

“l-larzen-sama, is this all true? is it true that our army has disappeared without a trace?”

“yes. our army was fighting those monsters when the dragon of that land was awakened.”

“what nonsense is this, how strange would that be! even the western saints church has told us that they’ve eliminated all the dragons, are you suggesting that they’ve been lying to us?”

“no, that’s not the case. veldora would disappear for a period of time. however, a ?true dragon? cannot be eliminated. it will eventually be reborn in some corner of the world. but we simply couldn’t have anticipated that the interval was so short, and that it was revived so nearby““”

“larzen-sama, what happened to the other survivors?”

“y-yeah, what about general folgen? you mentioned that all of the army has gone missing, but shouldn’t there at least be a few persons left?”

upon being asked so, larzen responds with his head shaked.

in reality, they’ve all been killed by the fury of rimuru. but diablo has discussed this with larzen and ordered him to cover up the matter with the lie that the army has gone missing.

“what do you mean by that?”

“i’ve already told you, they’ve gone missing. with veldora’s revival, both the knights and monsters at the scene vanished. we were the only ones who remained““”

“no way““!”

“i’ll ask this one more time, there is no survivor who escaped at all……. and have they really all gone missing?”

“there were supply corps behind the frontline….. are they okay?”

larzen falls silent.

his eyes fell to the ground quietly. 

seeing this, everyone has to take his words for it.

““the knight order has truly been annihilated.

a minister suddenly breaks into tears.

he was the one that asked about the well-being of the supply corps. because he had sent his son to fight his first war. 

he even pulled some strings to move his son to the rear to distance him from the dangerous frontline. yet all of his efforts were for nothing.

at the end of the day, he only allowed his son to join this war because he believed there was a fortune to rob from the monsters, and that victory was ensured. in the face of this twisted turn of fate, he broke down in tears.

but in overview of this tragic event, he is just one of the victims.

the total number of people missing in action amount to an astounding twenty thousand. 

that is an unprecedented loss of life. 

even though they are labeled as “missing in action,” the hope of them returning is zero. 

they are as good as dead.

everyone now can’t help but think that this has to do with veldora’s revival. to be more specific, they think the vanished army was used as a live sacrifice.

veldora is thus under this false accusation, which works in rimuru’s favour.

diablo’s wise plan has successfully manipulated the beliefs of the top ministers of farmus kingdom through larzen. 

? ??? ?

it is during this time, almost as if it is perfectly timed, sounds of footstep begin to echo in the throne room.

it is youmu’s party. 

the ones accompanying him are his advisor myuran, bodyguard grucius, and secretary rommel the mage.

diablo, dressed in a neat butler outfit, is the last one to enter. however, his attitude is quite arrogant in juxtaposition of his role as a butler. 

the throne room of this castle is normally not accessible to people low in the social hierarchy, such as adventurers. however, with larzen’s intervention, their guides were ordered beforehand to lead youmu to this location.

“sorry to keep you guys waiting. i’ve finally managed to convince that guy.”

youmu speaks to larzen while representing his party.

he still couldn’t quite change his rude tone and straight-forward attitude. after all, the noble style isn’t bred in one day, so you can’t really blame him. 

but in the eyes of the nobles, his attitude can only be described as brusque. this led to some vocal discontent.

“who on earth are you! how rude of you to speak in such plebeian tone!”

although youmu has arrived with the medicine to cure the king““a matter that was brought up before, one of the ministers still reprimanded him. 

of course, he has heard the name of hero youmu. he has also seen youmu’s portraits everywhere he goes. he knows too that it is youmu who is coming. moreover, given how special youmu’s full-body armor is, he won’t mistaken him for another even if he had only heard of him.

yet to this minister, none of these matter. this is the royal palace, and how things work here is different from that of the public sphere““to him it is common sense.

that’s why he couldn’t stand how rude youmu’s tone was.

however, this caused larzen to panic. 

he looks towards diablo to see whether the minister’s words have provoked him. after all, he never revealed his plans to the ministers, so the outcome, whatever it may be, will fall on larzen’s shoulders. 

he understands why the minister shouted out those words. there is nothing wrong with such action if it’s any other day. but right now, it is simply inappropriate given the gravity of the situation. larzen regrets having not explained the details of some matters and decides to steps in as the mediator.

“please hold on a second, carlos-dono. these people are our saviours. we are relying on them to save our king!”

“what? these are the people who saved you?”

“i can’t believe larzen, guardian of this kingdom, would say something like this. what really happened out there?”

even though some of them are still not convinced, larzen remains, after all, the best mage in farmus kingdom. his power as a magic caster is unquestionable, in addition to his hundreds of years’ feat of guarding the kingdom. larzen’s words are no comments to pass by their head, the nobles then decide to take it down a notch for the time being.

with that being said, they are only reacting so violently due to the imminent destruction of their nation and the revival of veldora. that’s why they were bluffing. because of that, they were able to get the details of how larzen was saved. they’ve now learnt whether their personal safety can be ensured or not.

just as larzen is about to answer their doubts, someone interjects from the side.

“allow me to answer that question for you.”

it’s archbishop rayheim.

he is pretending that his body has just recovered, and he came to fill in the gaps of larzen’s story.

larzen celebrates internally and exchanges a look with rayheim, then surreptitiously glances at diablo to see him smiling at how things are progressing.

reassured, larzen allows rayheim to do the explanation.

“then, could you enlighten us about how larzen-sama’s party has been saved?”

“with regards to the revival of ?storm dragon?, larzen-sama has informed you of the matter. the two armies clashed on the warfield and engaged in an intense fight. we were advantageous in terms of number, but those monsters had a better fortified position. the battle was harder fought than we imagined. ”

the hall falls silent with only rayheim’s voice.

he eyes diablo as he continues his explanation.

according to him, the chaotic aura of the warfield was key to veldora’s revival. and as veldora suddenly emerges on the battlefield, he attacked indiscriminately and both sides suffered the consequences.

larzen nods in agreement and adds.

“i was there alongside rayheim-sama. we really went all out trying to protect our king. ”

he emphasizes on his inability.

rayheim continues on top of that:

“indeed, it was just like that. i was staying in the base behind the frontline alongside larzen-sama. we were truly desperate at the sights before us as the tragedy unfolds. we witnessed death himself before our eyes as the majestic ?storm dragon? devastated everything. we were both prepared to die before someone showed up between us and the ?storm dragon?. ”

larzen peeks at diablo.

he nods in satisfaction. seeing this, larzen and rayheim nods to each other.

“““he was the leader of the monsters, rimuru-sama.”

“indeed. both rayheim-sama and i thought our death was at our doorstep. but, rimuru-sama, ruler of the monsters showed up to persuade veldora-sama.”

larzen’s words bewildered and shocked the crowds.

“persuaded? could they communicate with each other?”

“speaking of that, it is no different from suicide to get in the way of that evil dragon veldora like that. most creatures would be killed instantly if bathed in that concentrated amount of magicule.”

“about that, how did he““?”

a commotion breaks out among the nobles.

if they could communicate perhaps he could truly calm veldora down. the nobles thought so with much hope and expectation as they looked to larzen and rayheim.

veldora may not invade farmus kingdom after all, but it would still be a huge mistake if they just sat here without taking any precautions. but, no one present has a solution to what they need to do next.

now that they got wind of the disappearance of the twenty-thousand elite soldiers, including that of king’s knight order, no one dares to come out with a half-baked plan to battle veldora. the best solution they have at the moment is to eliminate the threat of veldora through negotiation, or so does everyone thinks.

“as you all know, this rimuru-sama is the ruler of monsters and the leader of the jura great forest.”

“didn’t he give himself that title?”

as one of the minister speaks, diablo frowns in displeasure.

larzen quickly interrupts the minister upon seeing this by replying:

“that’s not the case at all. i’ve seen the monster town with my own eyes, it is more than qualified to be called a capital of a kingdom. moreover, even the dryads who oversee the jura great forest follows this rimuru-sama.”

larzen explains that rimuru was able to communicate with veldora through the aid of the dryads.

these words added some convincing elements to his claims.

the overseers of the forest are rather famous and are known to be powerful monsters that guard the location where veldora slumbers. according to the ranking of freedom association, they are creatures above rank a, presumed to be special rank a, a dangerous species indeed.

if even the dryads decided to follow him, the power of this monster known as rimuru is clearly not be underestimated. since every noble here is of a high echelon, they all have hired people to gather valuable information; hence, they all started to realize this fact.

“i see…...”

“it would seem we have made a mistake in making him our enemy““”

upon recalling the fact that they were the ones who initiated the attack on the monster kingdom, the ministers are all troubled by this, although none of them wants to admit.

“this is bad, even if we can negotiate with the evil dragon, we are still enemy with that rimuru, not good at all…….”

one of the minister mentions this only to resonate the same sentiments across the board. but they aren’t considering the option of asking help from rimuru to negotiate, instead they are worrying about whether angering rimuru would further instigate veldora’s tantrum. 

it is at this moment youmu, who has previously been completely ignored, steps to the center of the hall., he spoke in a calm voice that garnered the attention of everyone present:

“i see how it is then, everyone. you need not worry about that part. when i marched against the orc lord, i once worked alongside rimuru-san. he is a surprisingly good natured person, and wishes to coexist peacefully with humans““”

however, youmu was cut short as he was half way through his speech.

“oh oh! if that’s the case, we shall have youmu-sama as our mediator to pass on our demands. we shall discuss that matter later. you may await orders in another room.”

the noble carlos, who has just scolded youmu, interrupts his explanation and gives him the order arrogantly.

the difference in social status is truly troubling. even as a warrior, youmu is still a civilian in his blood without even a knighthood. most of noble descent still look down on him.

carlos is a highly-ranked count and is perhaps the best example of nobles who are too conscious of differences in status. it may be tolerated if he displays this attitude on any other day, but at this instant, given several examples of this poor behavior already, it is most inappropriate to act in this manner. 

a few nobles begin to stare at carlos with discontent, incredulous at his lack of self-awareness.

(youmu)“oi oi oi, don’t get ahead of yourself now. about that, the man is normally quite nice, but right now the circumstance is different. surely you all understand the reason behind it.”

“what do you mean?”

“aren’t you guys the ones responsible for attacking rimuru-san’s country right? bad idea. some of rimuru-san’s companions ended up dead. he was livid with indignation.”

“how dare a mere plebeian spit out such nonsense! who gave you permission to meddle in state affairs! it is simply convenient that you happen to be on good terms with that rimuru something, and as a hero, you should also do your duty to act as a mediator, so figure something out already!”

ignoring youmu’s words, the arrogant carlos says so without feeling a shred of shame.

youmu resents being talked down to..

tsk, that’s why i hate nobles…….

youmu complains to himself internally, while still maintaining a calm facade, and continues his explanation:

“now listen here, y’all need to first listen to what i have to say. you didn’t seem to have sent any envoy or declaration of war prior to the invasion. instead, didn’t you send the ?otherworlders? to cause a riot there? i had indeed gone to negotiate a peace and was dumbfounded to learn of this this. but still, the farmus kingdom is nonetheless my home. i don’t intend to see my homeland destroyed either, so i somehow managed to calm him down and beg him to negotiate for peace. besides, larzen-san there has also asked me of the same favour.”

youmu suppresses his anger and finishes his explanation.

if the arrogant nobles decided to cause a scene just now during his explanation, the fall of farmus kingdom would have been assured, youmu thinks to himself having sensed the aura emitted by diablo behind his back.

youmu only truly realized the meaning of “evil” after meeting diablo. 

he knows this crowd in front of him are merely petty scoundrels. 

true evil would not play along the score of any authority.

they are true egoists who only act out of their own will.

right now the only thing keeping diablo from lashing out is his loyalty towards rimuru’s command. but if he is to lose his temper at this point, it would be bad for youmu’s coming kingship. 

if he handles the nobles too kindly, it would lead to future nuisances. but if he is to kill them off, it will most certainly lead to a bad name among the pubic. 

the most ideal situation is to have the opposing nobles start a conflict by themselves.

that’s why diablo has kept silent and has only been observing quietly.

but there are still rooms for doubts. 

if the nobles are to seriously piss off diablo, the situation may escalate very quickly. if he thinks “there is no need to keep these lots alive”, then the nobles would probably be killed on the spot.

youmu has discussed about this scenario with myuran and grucius, they also agree about the possibility.

people who can manipulate someone as strong as larzen in their palms are powerful minorities even among greater majins. and if such person as diablo decides to get serious, the farmus kingdom, which has now lost all of its military force, couldn’t at all set up a resistance. 

therefore, youmu’s party feels much more nervous as compared to the nobles.

larzen shares the same sentiment as youmu.

diablo clearly doesn’t care about human lives, whether those of nobles or civilians.

they are of no value to him.

it is obvious from how he treated king edmalis.

it is hard to imagine what diablo would do if someone dares insult the monster ruler rimuru.

it will be fine if the noble carlos is the only one he inflicts his rage on. but if they don’t handle this well, every single citizen may be wiped out.

knowing this very clearly, larzen tries his hardest to hide how daunted he felt and agrees with youmu’s words.

“carlos-sama, please behave yourself now!”

“what! larzen-sama, are you siding with this damn peasant!?”

“i told you to shut up! don’t butt in when you aren’t aware of the circumstances!”

larzen rebukes carlos harshly.

surprised to see someone as composed and calculated as larzen break down like this, even the other nobles decided to remain quiet and observe the situation.

“listen up, everyone. what youmu-sama just spoke of is all true. we were doomed to defeat once shougo and the other two were killed by the monster lieutenants (top brass) and the ?storm dragon? killed off our frontal assault. the only survivors were me, rayheim-sama, and king edmalis. we were captured and were only released thanks to youmu-sama’s kind intervention.”

larzen begins to recite the prepared materials.

no one is doubting him and things moves on smoothly.

larzen, rayheim and youmu take turns speaking while marquis müller and earl hermann frequently intervene to keep things well in hand. their play to cover each other up is able to convince the ministers gathered at the location.

“““if that’s the case, the king was cursed on the battlefield and ended up like this, right?”

“the monster king only agreed to assist us after the king’s promise of peaceful co-existence……..”

“how could the great kingdom of farmus submit to the rules of monsters?”

“but, this can’t be helped. or else do you wish to wage war against them? if we are to fight against them, ?storm dragon? would become our enemy!”

“no, about that…...”

even the trump cards “otherworlders” couldn’t win against the monster generals. on top of that, they would also need to deal with a revived veldora.

they look down on the monster kingdom of “jura tempest federation”, but right now their military might alone has outmatched the farmus kingdom. it would be absolutely foolish trying to confront them head-on now.

the king must have been forced to admit defeat too““that’s what the crowds believe.

and then, a conclusion is reached.

“let’s accept this proposal for now. does anyone object?”

most people begin to nod in agreement after hearing marquis müller’s words. although some may be unpleasant about the decision, none of them dared to raise their opinion. there is a consensus among the ministers to halt the war.

just like that, farmus kingdom decided to enter negotiation with tempest federation.

with the dust settled on that matter, diablo decides that it is time for him to take action.

“kufufufufu, wise choice. then i shall release the king as promised.”

with that being said, he casually steps forward.

“who are you““!”

“my apologies. my ?name? is diablo; subject to my majestic ruler, rimuru-sama and his loyal butler.”

diablo announces proudly.

most ministers look confused upon hearing his name, not knowing how to respond. diablo’s attitude seems all too natural for them to interject at all. 

his self-introduction however has rendered someone in fear, that being larzen.

only larzen realizes the implication of his words.

he understands what it means for a demon to have a “name”.

there are many things in this world that proves the idiom “ignorance is bliss”““larzen secretly envies the ignorant ones and sighs behind everyone’s back.

some people remained vigilant towards diablo and plan to strike when the opportunity reveals. 

these are the imperial knights, who have been observing everyone’s action in the dark. 

diablo walks straight towards the king’s throne. the knights move to block him.

however““

diablo doesn’t even care one bit as he approaches the box on the throne. 

some of the imperial knights were shocked as their bodies becomes numb, rendering them unable to move. they couldn’t even make a sound.

the royal guards are considered rank a by the standard of the freedom association. even the ones not up to rank a are considered elites of elites among rank bs. they remained in the royal palace to guard the members of the royal family as well as the head ministers. they can be considered as the strongest combat force in farmus kingdom. 

there are around a hundred knights in the room, yet all are unable to move an inch before diablo.

but diablo hasn’t done anything yet.

it is out of fear. 

it is out of their sharp survival instincts that they’ve realized how dangerous diablo is.

“be a doll, will you? or do you all wish to die in vain as well?”

diablo sounds clearly satisfied as he says so. he then continues to move forward in front of the box where king edmalis, who has been turned into meatloaf, resides. 

diablo takes out the full recovery potion from his pocket and pours on the meatloaf that is king edmalis. and without anyone’s notice, he removes the spell on the king casted by shion.

a dramatic change takes place.

with the potion poured onto him, the king’s body is instantly restored to its healthy form.

and so does diablo’s plan come to fruition.

the doctors and mages are all amazed and begin to cheer after witnessing the king being transformed back to human form after they’ve exhausted all available options.

“w-what is this medicine……?”

“this is the full recovery potion tm. this is our nation’s special product, top-notch healing potion exported only to friendly nations. ”

diablo answers gently to the question of one of the ministers. after all, this potion will become the main commodity of the tempest federation. 

full recovery potion““an item that could allegedly to be dug up from ruins of ancient magic kingdoms. it is a legendary healing potion that would even heal amputated limbs after consumption, whose fame is only rivaled by that of the resurrection potion. 

the recipe for the potion has been long lost, but it is rumored that the dwarves have been trying to recreate it……. if it can be mass-produced, there would be countless people coming after the potion.

gabil has revealed the specifics of it to diablo prior, and he caught wind of rimuru’s intent of promoting the potion. unlike shion, he was able to complete the intelligence collection within a very short period of time.

it is because of diablo’s wit that he was able to put on this dramatic and effective play under such circumstances by exploiting the king of farmus.

his dedication can only be described as perfect.

one can see how diablo never compromises in terms of his personality.

that’s why it is terrifying to make an enemy like him…...

as for larzen and rayheim, who both feared that diablo would massacre everyone in the castle, diablo has long sensed their thoughts, but he wasn’t planning to do such thing at all.

if he did such things, rimuru would no longer trust him. and since the plan of crowning youmu as the new king has fallen on his shoulders, diablo would not make such a simple blunder. 

he calculates with cunningness and uses both fear and compassion as his tools.

the two tactics cycled in practice, he is able to puppeteer the beliefs of these highly ranked nobles““the heads of this nation.

he believes it would be wiser to make them obedient rather than pitting them against us. next, he would single out fools who picked the wrong side and eliminate them. that is the general direction of diablo’s plan.

the crowds hold their breath as the king was restored back to his human form under everyone’s eyes. 

the onlookers must have thought it was entirely the effect of the full recovery potion.

“are you alright?”

diablo asks, while king edmalis nods with a nervous expression.

“y-yes……..thank you…….for saving me.”

the king replies in a weakened tone, partly out of genuine exhaustion.

he is dancing to diablo’s score. 

diablo’s unique skill “tempter” is under the same system of law as rimuru’s unique skill “heartless one”. he is able to use his skill to achieve complete dominance over whomever pledges loyalty to diablo.

now that king edmalis has already been affected by “tempter”, if he is to have any thought of betrayal, diablo would immediately be aware of it.

seeing that the king has been restored, the servants quickly fetch his clothes.

the king got a moment to rest with his clothes on as diablo signals him with his eyes.

the king nods in response.

“well then, king of farmus. my liege rimuru-sama has a message for you.”

“speak then, honorable envoy of tempest federation.”

at this instant, the king of farmus has acknowledged the tempest federation to be a nation. 

this is undoubtedly a gesture to everyone at the scene.

it is king edmalis’ proclamation to them that any future affair with tempest federation would be that between nations and acknowledging tempest federation to be a negotiable subject with a functioning society.

as such, diablo has been officially received as the messenger sent by a hostile nation farmus is at war with.

king edmalis has welcomed him with the highest honor, but personally he did so to avoid provoking diablo. 

thanks to the king’s announcement, the opposing nobles are no longer voicing their opinions. 

regardless, they don’t intend to continue the conflict further. so perhaps the king’s announcement was more to protect his own subjects rather than announcing for the sake of diablo.

“very well, allow me to deliver the message. a week from now, his grace hopes both kingdoms would send out representatives to sign a peace treaty here. but before we reach a peaceful agreement, here are the demands we propose to your nation““”

diablo takes out a piece of parchment from his pocket.

““i shall grant you the chance to choose““

with this being the header, the parchment contains the written conditions for a truce demanded by yours truly rimuru““but only in name, the actual content of the conditions are in reality, diablo’s demands.

the content is quite excessive.

option one, the king is to abdicate and compensate for the war.

option two, farmus is to surrender and be vassalized by tempest federation.

option three, which is barely an option at all, both option one and two are rejected and the war would continue to burn farmus to the ground.

what would appear to be the maintenance of their current status quo is, in fact, an illusion. now that they’ve acknowledged the tempest federation as a legitimate nation, their action of waging war against tempest federation without a declaration of war wouldn’t stand justified.

at least not by the surrounding nations.

the western saints church would probably be busy fighting veldora, that’s why the crowd think they won’t bother to save the farmus kingdom.

the demands are more like threats.

it is telling them to either agree or die. they have to make room for agreement to prevent the destruction of their nation.

diablo intentionally raises the parchment high and recites its content dramatically. with a delighted expression, he joyfully awaits the nobles’ reactions.

as soon as he finishes reading the treaty, some minister begins to mumble to themself “this is just coercion…...”

 however, that doesn’t much concern diablo as he bows towards king edmalis.

“““these are our demands. you have one week from today. do give us your response by that time.”

“w-wait! that’s quite rush with the timing! we’ll need at least a month““ ”

“hush. i don’t have such patience.”

“no, you can’t leave it like this! this is no small feat that we can decide with a palace meeting alone. we will have to gather nobles from around the region and decide through the national council of farmus kingdom““”

“did i not tell you to hush? i care not in the slightest of any difficulty you may have in doing so. but heed this well: don’t try anything funny. i’ll not accept any excuse to delay the matter. if we don’t hear from you in seven days, we will consider that your nation has chosen option three: ?war?. consider this before giving your answer.”

diablo finishes what he has to say and leaves the farmus king and the nobles without even turning his head.

how stubborn! someone shouts, but diablo won’t change his mind for such a petty thing. he leaves youmu’s party as soon as he finishes his business here.

 ? ??? ?

after diablo’s departure, king edmalis issues orders to summon all of the nobles to an imperial conference.

the meeting was planned to be three days later.

 even with the use of magic, the available time is still quite limited for all of the nobles to be gathered.

 but that really can’t be helped since diablo has only given them a week. a solution must be drafted before that time.

the timing is indeed pressing.

that’s why the king has put out the order in such a rush to summon all the nobles within three days.

the king’s servants begin to hasten their movements. the scene becomes rather busy as everyone prepares for the meeting.

king edmalis looks exhausted as he glances around the crowd.

“i believe my fellow ministers have realized the magnitude of the issue too. we shall draft a plan for the future before all the nobles are gathered. tomorrow, we will alter the location, so i may share my thoughts with you all. i shall listen to your opinions then.”

he says so rather powerlessly while looking at his trusted subordinates.

what he is certain of at the moment is that the farmus kingdom is stepping towards its demise. because of the high stakes, there shouldn’t be any bickering among his inner circle.

but there would undoubtedly be endless conflicts when the conference is held.

that’s why the king is trying to get everyone on the same page before the imperial conference is held.

““in addition, he needs to prevent unnecessary sacrifices. 

king edmalis has secretly made up his mind as he plans these things out.

the next day,

the location is switched to the conference room where the crowd convenes once more.

the ones being summoned are all the most trusted subordinates of the king. apart from them, for unknown reasons marquis müller, the leading figure of the centrists, and his follower, earl hermann, are also present.

in order to clear up the situation, king edmalis begins to explain the ins and outs of the whole event.

everyone listens to the king in silence.

even though both larzen and rayheim have spoken on the issue, the ministers are now finally plunged into silence having recognized the frightening reality.

marquis müller suddenly opens up to ask the king:

“your majesty…… is it true? did you say that veldora has been revived?”

“just as larzen and rayheim have said. in my opinion, the only issue is which one of the three options are appropriate for us. moreover, we need to discuss our future plans past this event.”

king edmalis gives his confirmation and urges the crowd to give their opinions on the matter.

they’ve been waiting for the king’s permission, so the crowd begin to express their views.

“jura great forest is a forbidden land guarded by veldora. even the eastern empire doesn’t dare to march on it unprepared. it would be utmost foolishness for us to challenge it alone.”

“t-that’s most true! we don’t stand a chance to win. our country would be destroyed if we continue fighting them!”

“right. with that being said, it leaves us with option one and two…...”

“no way can we be vassalized! we may change our stance on the matter, but we can not become servants to monsters…….”

“don’t hammer it down so quickly. we don’t want any more conflicts.”

“how could this be! no landed nobility would agree to such madness.”

“there will be civil unrest!”

“could this be the true intent of those monsters!”

“perhaps we should have your majesty step down first and pay the reparation. but are you all aware of the details of the reparation? the nation would collapse.”

“ten thousand star gold coins. that exchanges to around a million gold coins. that would be twenty percent of our total national tax.”

“impossible…...”

“but consider our options. isn’t it at least better than having our kingdom destroyed?”

“indeed. at least they aren’t trying to drain our wallet. that means they still have some decency.”

“in the end, we still have to accept those conditions““”

“hmm, i think so too.”

king edmalis remained silent throughout the period and listened carefully to what the ministers and nobles have to say. 

he thinks to himself as he listens.

how beautiful““that person possesses both a petit appearance of a young girl and a menacing aura that affirms his presence.

he is the monster ruler called rimuru.

the fearsome demon lord.

simply recalling those experiences renews the fear deep down in his heart. 

dignity and what-not are all overruled by fear. the king doesn’t even dare to raise an opposition to his enemy again.

because it reminds him of the days he was turned into meatloaf and force-fed his own hands and feet. 

the king does not want to experience that suffering again at any cost, that’s why he has made up his mind to convince the ministers.

after the defeat, there are still countless things under question.

 the monsters, surprisingly, have principles.

 with the birth of a new demon lord, the “storm dragon” was also revived.

king edmalis realizes his utter defeat as he begins to accept these realities.

he was blinded by his desire and made the wrong judgement. had he begun their relationship peacefully, there may be a different future they could paint.

but it is all too late at this point.

““there can’t be any missteps from now on.

 diablo mentioned that they can choose whichever out of the three if they so desire. in other words, whichever option selected would all help diablo to reach his goal. with that being the case, it would be the right call to choose the option with the least potential harm.

king edmalis begins to ponder on it by himself, which option would cause the least damage.

option three is obviously a no go.

not only the citizens, everyone would be killed. 

option two should be further evaluated. 

it is an option that can ensure both the well-beings and prosperity of the citizens.

he has had a glance of the beautiful streets of tempest federation. in that kingdom, some adventurers are even having a good time hanging out with monsters.

perhaps they are not bad in nature after all…...

it’s a beautiful thought that’s crossed edmalis’ head, but he still decides to not settle on that option.

it probably won’t work. without witnessing those sights by themselves, people won’t place their trust in monsters. even i would consider these to be tales of a madman had i only heard them in words““

besides, the nobles have a duty to protect their subjects. even if the nobles surrender unconditionally, it would be impossible to have them all willingly vassalized. you simply can’t force them into obeying, even with hell breaking loose.

it would most likely invoke protests from the neighbouring nations as well, nor would the monster kingdom be recognized by the western state council. he would most likely ended up being assassinated if he is to ignore these hindrances by using his authority as a king.

as for option one, it seems to be their safest choice.

abdication of king means exactly what it says, king edmalis must step down. a new heir would swear not to wage war again and would be given the throne. 

it is rather coercive considering the amount of reparation they are demanding, but it can’t be helped. the cost of peace is much lower than resuming this war.

but that would only be the case if the monsters cease to demand more from his kingdom.

there is also a hidden agenda behind the two demands. 

diablo has also discussed in length with king edmalis about it. he wants to crown youmu as the new king, and on this basis, he will build a new kingdom.

edmalis has three children, his eldest daughter, youngest daughter, and eldest son.

both daughters of his have been married to other kingdoms leaving the crown available only to his eldest son, the prince. but he has yet to even reach the age of ten and is far from mature. if king edmalis is to step down now, there will likely be a struggle for the throne.

king edmalis is well aware of the people who desire the throne. the head of the optimates is his own little brother, duke edward.

he can easily tell diablo’s true intent as he analyzes things this way.

 diablo intends to have the royalist and the optimates fight to the death over the inheritance of the crown.

 now that he thinks about it, whichever option of the three would eventually lead to conflict. and their evaluation of which one to choose is all just a part of diablo’s plan.

““in other words, it doesn’t matter which option we choose…...

king edmalis sighs internally.

the outcome would be the same. and if that’s the case““

“settle down, everyone. please heed my thought.”

king edmalis proposes so after everyone has expressed their opinions.

“i’ve heard that their kingdom is called ?jura tempest federation?. many different races residing in the jura great forest now follow the ruler called rimuru. i think we could join this big family as well…...”

“are you suggesting we should be vassalized by them?”

“no, that is not the case. i am simply surprised by how well managed that kingdom is.”

edmalis pauses upon saying so and glances looks around the crowd with determination on his face.

“this war is all my fault. i did it not for our people, but out of my own desire. because of that, even god has given up on me. my arrogance has led to the awakening of veldora to bring disaster to my kingdom farmus. had i listened to the advice of marquis müller and earl hermann, this could all have been prevented““”

“sire, that is too kind of you…….”

“i am most grateful for your highness’ praise.”

edmalis replies to the two with a “hmm” sound.

then he begins to spill his gut feelings:

“there won’t be a second chance, nor will there be a second time. it is because of him, rimuru-dono, the leader of monsters, that i was able to survive. so this will not happen again. if i am to make the same mistake twice, it will not only be me who is doomed, but all of our people. at this point, my reputation and dignity are all irrelevant now. we should prevent our people from being affected by this. as for what we should do to turn things around, and what would be good for the people, we should all aim now to come up with such solution!”

the ministers are all shocked as to freeze at the scene.

that’s because the king, the devious and selfish king has confessed his wrongdoing. not only so, he has reached out to everyone present for an ideal solution.

no wonder why everyone is surprised.

these ministers also begin to reflect upon their past actions having seen the regrets on the king’s face. in the end they’ve really only used their honor as an excuse to protect their own selfish interests. now they’ve finally come to realize that deeply.

the ministers rise up from their seats and kneel before the king.

then““

“apologies, sire. we’ve also been foolish in the past. we shall find out the best solution, for…….. for the people of this nation!”

marquis müller speaks out for everyone at the scene. the ministers all begin to kowtow without a word of complaint.

after which, they would invite youmu’s party as advisors to continue the meeting, without knowing when it will end……

? ??? ?

“““just like that, i gave them some shock education.”

diablo reports to me with a smile.

eh, hold on, hold on! there is too much going on that i don’t even know where to start asking.

but, there’s something that has been on my mind the most““

“did you really show it to them?”

“yes. i think it is most effective to invoke fear.”

so you did……. you really showed them that…...

“that” being the meatloaf.

i don’t intend to praise shion even though she looks quite happy about it.

no wonder they wet their pants seeing this. i would undoubtedly vomit seeing it if it was me from before (reincarnating).

it is truly that disturbing. 

by the way, this is totally what a demon lord would do.

my image as an upstanding man with principle has now been turned into that of a blood-lusting monster. never mind, you can’t rewind time to undo it. but in terms of methods, it does seem quite effective in winning their trust by giving them the stick before carrot……. eh, this sounds like how a yakuza (mafia) group would function.

i jump down from shion’s laps.

i decide to turn back to human form and drink some red tea to restore some tranquility in my mind.

“oh, and about the condition of a peace treaty, i proposed a reparation of ten thousand star gold coins.”